Xi Xi
Yan Chen
Yan Chen, are you awake?
How about Xi Xi?
You and Gu Yu Xi
Absolutely impossible
She is just a toy
That our family bought you for 300,000.
There's no way I'm going to let you ruin your future
Because of her
You and Xiao Ya
Will get married this week
No way
Besides her
I will not marry anyone
Then we have to see
If your Xixi
Can wait
Until you marry her
Dad
What did you do to Xi Xi?
I promise you
I will
Get married to He Jun Ya tomorrow
Dad
Yan Chen
Brother
Still thinking about your good brother
Your good brother
Is getting married to me tomorrow
Look at this pitiful appearance
Let me see
How you can seduce Gu Yuan Chen
I said
I won't let you have a good ending
You think you can rely on yourself
Can control your own marriage?
Brother
Do you really not need me anymore?
Next life
Let's stay strangers
Like that
I can marry you
Without any scruples